Everyone thinks about it one day at a time, President Lin is having trouble.
Not coming anymore.
However, today I would like to introduce a new president to you.
This person is one of us who is often angry and feels shortchanged by personnel.
No way.
Hello everyone.
You are our new touch.
Look, if you help me with something, you still won't talk.
Director Gu, let me take you to the office.
She took him to the office. no
Tell you to eat the company
This is not the place for you to play with your heart muscle
never want to die again
Just leave me
I just don’t work, sir
This is your office. Give it a try. Have a good rest, sir.
It was Madam who broke into my Ken I life
Why are you still standing aside?
That's the door
You don't know you must first
Don’t worry, if there is anything good for my wife, I’ll do it first.
I'll show it to you only
why didn't you tell me
You want me to be your supervisor
Madam can also ask me how big it is
Then I'll go back and see you first
Now that you have come, you have come
That's a good job
Why don't you say who you are?
Then I'll go to work too